# Bellroy Robot Challenge

Originally a code challenge for the company, Bellroy, I am using this to showcase React grid formation, key press events and CSS styling. If you look through my page you'll find other games I've built with React, but the CSS sets this game apart. The robot was hand-designed with CSS, which was a stretch at the time as I am not a designer and do not claim to have any artistic abilities. The biggest takeaway from this challenge was my growth in CSS and styling in general. Below is what I would have done given more time and the motivation to make this into an actual game with a strategic aspect.

## Icebox

If I had more time to work on this project I would make the win condition more complicated. This first step to improve the game would be to set a minimum number of moves and in order to win you would have to get to the battery within that set number. The second step would be to hide the battery and include some sort of hint component (like Minesweeper) so the user would have to strategize which move to make in order to get to the battery in the set number of moves. My solution would be to create a matrix from this array (an array with nested arrays) which would make finding the route a lot easier because I can take the difference between the length and the index position of each piece wihtin each respective array to get the minimum horizontal moves [j], and the difference between the respective array in which each piece belongs to get the minimum vertical moves [i]. Although this would increase time complexity to O(n^2) in order to iterate through the matrix, this would be a cleaner way to create the board in the chance you would like the change board size in the future. This was not implemented because this would have required refactoring the entire Grid component (I prefer dynamic programming to keep code cleaner and easier to maintain) and I did not see it viable for the small and simple application you asked for.

As you know, the possibilities are endless when building a game like this. I hope you enjoyed this basic game and again I appreciate your consideration for this position!
